

Once upon a time in the city of Honeywood.
EC2(Elastic Compute Cloud)- EC2 is a virtual machine in the cloud on which you have OS level control. 
You can run this cloud server whenever you want.
LightSail- This cloud computing tool automatically deploys and manages the computer, storage, and networking capabilities required to run your applications.
Elastic Beanstalk- The tool offers automated deployment and provisioning of resources like a highly scalable production website.
EKS (Elastic Container Service for Kubernetes)- The tool allows you to Kubernetes on Amazon cloud environment without installation.
AWS Lambda- This AWS service allows you to run functions in the cloud. The tool is a big cost saver for you as you to pay only when your functions execute.
Migration
Migration services used to transfer data physically between your datacenter and AWS.

DMS (Database Migration Service)– DMS service can be used to migrate on-site databases to AWS. It helps you to migrate from one type of database to another — for example, Oracle to MySQL.
SMS (Server Migration Service)– SMS migration services allows you to migrate on-site servers to AWS easily and quickly.
Snowball— Snowball is a small application which allows you to transfer terabytes of data inside and outside of AWS environment.
Storage
Amazon Glacier- It is an extremely low-cost storage service. It offers secure and fast storage for data archiving and backup.
Amazon Elastic Block Store (EBS)- It provides block-level storage to use with Amazon EC2 instances. Amazon Elastic Block Store volumes are network-attached and remain independent from the life of an instance.

WAF (Web Application Firewall)— WAF security service offers application-level protection and allows you to block SQL injection and helps you to block cross-site scripting attacks.
Cloud Directory— This service allows you to create flexible, cloud-native directories for managing hierarchies of data along multiple dimensions.
KMS (Key Management Service)— It is a managed service. This security service helps you to create and control the encryption keys which allows you to encrypt your data.
Organizations.
